hi you're on my name is Batman and I'm
back Alfred did you get this they wanted
me to do another video it's that bright
side Oh a couple of jokers am i right Oh
a joke I a joker let's beat this
popsicle stand
god this thing Lucius I told you - don't
you to fix this Batmobile controls it
they make no sense
Open Sesame oh my god no I use it is
real evil why is it always raining
well sunshine kill you guys hey well
you're doing it's good for you get out
of the streets
well I told you amateurs I'll see what
was this has ever tell excite the
Riddler what is this detective Batman on
the case I'm so smart both a thing
come on okay let let go of it
no that brick you did good what are you
doing what is this
you can't stop the Batman let me add
toys for him a commander Kevin by a
battering go Barry I chose you no throw
it Howard why did that do
oh it open the door okay as I miss there
oh I like I'll kill watch it no no no no
oh yes
braillers at you I can hear you alright
check this call Sarah it's not a call we
can't track it I'll fit I don't pay you
to sass me you don't pay me sir what is
with this sass Alfred it's coming at all
I feel I don't understand doctor what is
this dude got his wife
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh you thought you could
fool me real or yes is it I get concept
art that's all yeah I hate you and your
Gabe sprinkler hey dog God citizens
please remove to do I don't gah there it
oh god nothing twins oh yeah either you
get the best of me
I've riddle for you what's black and
awesome it's Batman got your good Rigler
your good
okay I won't go so easy as new next time
where do I go where's a map that's not a
map still not a map that's it's it's not
a map Batman Batman does whatever Batman
does and what is the other crime looking
like to us here
oh we got a lot of people and where's
that you can't hide for me Oh what is
this
how do I I like breakage oh damn right
No
come on Batman Oh another rail or Joey
ah look at me I I can't hear you I can't
hear you
I don't speak stupid Alfred you hear
that what Alfred are these cops working
Alfred scum and scum my favorite dad a
bad bad wrecked fists ed your face I
hope you don't like your knees in one
piece what is that that looks important
I'll go check it out we got orange guys
and oh there's a citizen in danger
I'll save you wait up I didn't click
menu and Ed uh-huh you heard nothing I'm
invisible
you know I no one's seen the Batman
because I am The Dark Knight yes and
over there in the face wait nope Oh God
bet Batman it get it there we go I don't
need guns I'm Batman sir are you all
right sir thanks but you look like an
imposter
how about her well you may know about
I'm Batman yeah yeah you're trying to
copy that Batman fella no Batman
yeah that's me I am the Batman that's
low man
that's whoa no you don't understand you
aah
Alfred why does it Oh buddy understand
me is it college is so pretty I love the
city so much crime and opportunities
keeps me a business you know Oh was it
yes that's me they need me of comic
ducka ducka ducka ducka ducka business
that's the feather this is the sound of
my my wings cuz I know I'm a bad people
always ask me why did you choose a pair
well you know what I tell them why'd you
choose to be ugly huh then they shut up
cuz they're stupid and I'm Batman you
know what I'm not really feeling up for
this job you get so else too right